everyone in this room is inspired by you
who are you inspired by what Kanye West
obviously the booth stage which is about
70% of the cost of rocket so that would
cost is that how much is it well I mean
it's sort of on the order of 30 to 35
million dollars right so you want to
save that yeah I mean it's like I try to
tell my team it's like imagine there was
a pallet of cash that was vomiting
through the atmosphere and it was gonna
burn up and smash into tiny pieces would
you try to save it
all right probably yes yes okay yeah
that sounds like a good idea we need
some volunteers to be colonists do we
have any colonists volunteers here I'm
actually not many hands raised by the
way we saw the movie yeah he got back
yeah yeah so it's good actually toward
the movie um so you think he could have
gotten back like that there was that
plausible I thought there was no
connection it was there it was most it
was like 80% scientifically correct
there did connect a series of improbable
events that's yes well I mean I don't
think you can sort of just take off from
Oz on an unguided rocket really and and
then prick your finger on the spacesuit
and navigate to a to a spaceship right
not impossible just extremely unlikely
do you think there is other intelligent
life outside there it seems probable but
I think this is this is one of the great
questions in physics and philosophy is
wear out the aliens maybe they're among
us I don't know some people think I'm an
alien not true but maybe we are of
course that's what is this the largest
rocket the largest building I mean area
well I mean I think this it's not scale
for scales sake it's just like if you
say well we want to accomplish these
goals then then you kind of have to be
make a big thing okay should tax things
that are most likely to be bad rather
than you know like that's where we tax
cigarettes and alcohol because those
little probably bad for you certainly
cigarettes are like more should really
have great bars the Mars bar sorry easy
car to have a stereo drive particular on
the 405 but I understand when you got it
yeah you're driving down to 80 and you
wrecked it no well and you let me just
tell ya okay I mean yeah let's see if
the story that you tell is actually how
does that how that compares to the
reality because the reality is pretty
messed up so so you wrecked the car you
get out of the car you're doubling over
with laughter isn't what you said why
are you laughing that you just wrecked
this car and you said no you don't know
the funny part
it wasn't insured well the punchline is
correct
thank you how do you plan a business
where you know the rocket business you
know some of these things are gonna blow
up on the launch pad how does the
business plan work I don't really have a
business plan the plane thing is not not
a good idea in my view the so the the
plane and the reason I guess like
intuitively it seems like a plane should
work but but actually if you consider
that really every mode of transport has
a design that is appropriate to its
medium and if you're in space wings are
not very useful because there's no air
and and and then if you want to go
somewhere other than earth there's also
no runways uh-huh so this is these
important considerations going back to
Mars what kind of government do you
envision for the first Martian colony
and what's your and what's your title
yeah yeah exactly
Emperor Oh God Emperor I don't know
it might be too much they have if you're
what after watch my jokes yeah not
everyone gets irony much remember what
would be your mediocre superpower now
this is absurd to ask you because Tony
Stark is partially modeled after you so
you actually are sort of have real so we
have a superpower he I guess accept
inventing technology or something right
you know downgrade from that of it so an
example of a media mediocre superpower
would be the one of the best ones we've
ever gotten is this guy who wished
temporarily detach his arm while
spooning with a girl what he wants to do
with a girl but but how do I mean on a
regular day for you or you are you are
you sleeping you're not sleeping a lot
right whoa cheese do I look that bad
you know yeah I actually met a better
woman I dated briefly in college who now
works at Scientific American as a writer
and and and she related the anecdote
that were wearing on a date I was all I
was talking about was electric cars that
was not a big a winning conversation so
it was a bit of a monologue was it yeah
she said she said the first question I
asked her was do you ever think about
electric cars wasn't great but recently
it's been more effective
but when we when we talk about remember
when you first told me that you were
thinking about tunnels and I must tell
you about that the years ago okay it's
like a long time ago like I thought
you're joking yeah it was I was joking
good young people globally want to be
like LM moss
what's your advice of it I think that
probably they shouldn't want to be hey
you it I think it sounds better than it
is okay yeah it's not as much fun being
me as you'd think
I don't know you don't think so yeah
this definitely it could be worse for
sure but it's I I I'm not sure I would
I'm not sure I want to be me but if
[Music]
Silicon Valley accurate or not accurate
that's the show yeah
the it's us to get very accurate around
around Episode four so took a few
episodes to kind of get get grounded the
first few episodes struck me as
Hollywood making fun of Hollywood's idea
of Silicon Valley which is like not you
know not on point but then by about but
the fourth or fifth episode season one
it really sucks get good and then by
season two it's amazing
in fact reality but the truth is
stranger than fiction all the crazy
stuff you see in that show Silicon
Valley the reality is way crazier is
there a parallel with how you build
companies in that story I hope not yeah
what's this that could be awkward with a
rocket launch and we were finding the
company from merchandise sales so thank
you for anyone who's bought a
flamethrower you will not be sorry or
maybe you will won't be boring and he's
he's a designer so he's good at sort of
the styling of the cars but he thinks
it's all about styling and it and and
it's not you know that it's really this
is you know the reason we don't have
electric cars is not for lack of styling
right
[Laughter]
we were first talking about the concept
you know tunnels feel like a resolutely
old-school solution to approach that
that I invented tunnels are you now like
fuck no I am not starting another
company are you still think that's how I
feel the picture at the end is a picture
of one of the circuit boards inside the
Roadster from India we tried confused
the aliens as much as possible
[Music]
[Applause]
well this is really winning
[Music]
[Applause]